README.md, before:

# OOAD - GROUP PROJECT 6A
### Implementation of a Software Solution for:
**INDUSTRY    | USE CASES**
**temp agency | register and apply to join agency / upload job and invite applicants /  review a temp employee / update online CV**
(This list is not exhaustive and may be subject to change until finalized)
---
## Team:
- Barbour, Niamh
- Dargan, Jack
- Destenay, Leo
- Donnellan, Joseph 
- Dowling, Nicola
- Dralle, Rene
---
Deadlines:
- [ ] Part 1: DIAGRAMS: a 3-page PDF document   |   1pm Friday 26th November 2021  
      Every member of the team must submit the same PDF
- [ ] Part 2: CODE: a ZIP folder                |   1pm Friday 10th December 2021  
      Every member of the team must submit the same ZIP
- [ ] Part 3: Project defence by team members   |   your Week 12 lab session  
  **Every member of the team must be present**
---
## Useful Links
[How To GitHub](https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/github-desktop-tutorial/)  
[SlackAcademy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUZzBoAbAOs)

---
## Roles and Usecases
Roles

1. Worker
2. Manager(of Temp Agency)
3. Company(looking for workforce)
4. Admin (of Temp Agency)

Use Cases:

Developer needs to be able to create their profile

Manager needs to list all the available jobs

Manager needs to be able to assign developers to jobs and pull them off jobs

Company needs to be able to create jobs

### Use Case Diagram

![resource](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/e/2PACX-1vTjL8AxJjUyAVEcp9ANETvNOCF8TOSl4JseZ1OtAOjpYxLWCYUVJ940257dNlaa5nQRT9UcUc6fhNmO/pub?w=1466&h=1856)

### Class Diagram

![resource](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/e/2PACX-1vQPaHNUhFErEZF4yhVhd1DadcLhjCN0UX7vwyG6nfoQYVrN4BdqPXzIuyi0CmEfWX3I_l-2BuX_750v/pub?w=1440&h=1080)

Commit message:

First Commit to Project Code
1. Created Main.java
2. Refactored to fit the package requirement for full grade - package tempsys
3. Changed ICommunication and inherited to fit Class-Diagram
4. Changed WORKER_LIST and JOB_LIST to List for easier handling
5. Added UID for Jobs aggregated from employerComp and number of jobs the company offered
6. Minor tweaks and start on Commenting... seriously... Comment please :laughing:

README.md, after:

# OOAD - GROUP PROJECT 6A
### Implementation of a Software Solution for:
**INDUSTRY    | USE CASES**
**temp agency | register and apply to join agency / upload job and invite applicants /  review a temp employee / update online tempsys.CV**
(This list is not exhaustive and may be subject to change until finalized)
---
## Team:
- Barbour, Niamh
- Dargan, Jack
- Destenay, Leo
- Donnellan, Joseph 
- Dowling, Nicola
- Dralle, Rene
---
Deadlines:
- [ ] Part 1: DIAGRAMS: a 3-page PDF document   |   1pm Friday 26th November 2021  
      Every member of the team must submit the same PDF
- [ ] Part 2: CODE: a ZIP folder                |   1pm Friday 10th December 2021  
      Every member of the team must submit the same ZIP
- [ ] Part 3: Project defence by team members   |   your Week 12 lab session  
  **Every member of the team must be present**
---
## Useful Links
[How To GitHub](https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/github-desktop-tutorial/)  
[SlackAcademy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUZzBoAbAOs)

---
## Roles and Usecases
Roles

1. tempsys.Worker
2. tempsys.Manager(of Temp Agency)
3. Company(looking for workforce)
4. Admin (of Temp Agency)

Use Cases:

Developer needs to be able to create their profile

tempsys.Manager needs to list all the available jobs

tempsys.Manager needs to be able to assign developers to jobs and pull them off jobs

Company needs to be able to create jobs

### Use Case Diagram

![resource](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/e/2PACX-1vTjL8AxJjUyAVEcp9ANETvNOCF8TOSl4JseZ1OtAOjpYxLWCYUVJ940257dNlaa5nQRT9UcUc6fhNmO/pub?w=1466&h=1856)

### Class Diagram

![resource](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/e/2PACX-1vQPaHNUhFErEZF4yhVhd1DadcLhjCN0UX7vwyG6nfoQYVrN4BdqPXzIuyi0CmEfWX3I_l-2BuX_750v/pub?w=1440&h=1080)
